# Lab 1 - Organization Settings

<table><tbody><tr><th><p>Control Hub Navigation: Management &gt; Organization Settings</p></th><th><ul></ul></th></tr><tr><td><p>Control Hub Idle Timeout</p><ul><li>Getting logged out of Control Hub every 20 minutes is annoying.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Change the timeout to 8 hours</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>External messaging</p><ul><li>In the Webex App, employees and contractors should only be able to message internally and with approved external vendors, such as Cisco and Temp Recruiters, Inc.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Allow selected domains only: Enable</li><li>Manage allowed domains</li><li>Add cisco.com, temprecruiters.com</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Face recognition</p><ul><li>It can be difficult for contractors to remember peoples’ names during video meetings</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Allow Name Labels: Enable</li><li>Invite users: Take a look at the email template to invite users to enroll. <em>No action required.</em></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Custom Dictionary</p><ul><li>PixelPals has several characters, games, and their propriety game engine that are not common words. They don’t want spell check to offer suggestions for them when using Messaging.</li></ul></td><td><ul><li>Add PixelPals, PixelPunk, RainbowRaccoon, and CoinDash</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Manage inactive users</p><p>Sometimes contractors finish a project but are asked to come back for another one a few weeks later.</p></td><td><p>Change to 60 days</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>User Attributes &gt; Edit user attributes</p><p>Leadership is concerned about unprofessional changes to user profiles.<br><br>PixelPals fosters an inclusive and respectful workplace culture that respects individuals’ pronoun preferences.</p></td><td><ul><li>Required user attributes<ul><li>Enable first name, last name, and display name</li></ul></li><li>Editable user attributes<ul><li>Turn off all editable user attributes</li></ul></li><li>Pronouns<ul><li>Enable allow pronouns</li><li>Customizable by users</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Cisco AI Assistant &amp; AI features &gt; Customize</p><p>Employees should be able to make use of powerful AI features.</p></td><td><ul><li>Calling – Enable AI-generated summaries for call recordings</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Password policy</p><p>Security standards dictate specific password requirements</p></td><td><ul><li>Minimum character length = 10</li><li>Days between password changes = 180</li><li>Passwords can’t contain: PixelPals</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><p>Virtual backgrounds</p><p>Due to privacy concerns, virtual backgrounds are required for all video calls and meetings</p></td><td><ul><li>Allow virtual backgrounds</li><li>Enforce virtual backgrounds for internal and external</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

